About Pat's Pizza Place

Pat LOVES pizza! Back in 1962, Pat started a tradition of taste that would eventually deliver Pat's Pizza into the national eye. Recognized by people across America, this pizza has earned national honors for robust flavor and affordable prices.

Founded on a fresh recipe and an even fresher delivery idea, we earned a distinct reputation for hearty authenticity and unconditional taste focus for the serious pizza eater. Starting with our daily hand-tossed dough, mixed with extra virgin olive oil, our pies are then topped with our signature sauce, made from freshly-packed, vine-ripened tomatoes and covered with 100% Real® mozzarella cheese. Each pie is finished off with the freshest of toppings for your enjoyment.

Pizza is not our only love. Pat enjoys a good plate of pasta, too. Homemade pasta noodles and rich sauces will make you come back for more and more!


Contact Us

Pat Perilli, Owner
E-mail:  patpizza@pizzaman.com

We care about your thoughts and are continuously improving our products and service, so please provide us with as much information as you possibly can, good or bad. We can handle it.



Parties and Catering

Pat's has a large party room complete with games for everyone! From ski ball to darts to a ball pit, there's a little something for everyone. The private party room can be booked for 1-3 hours for up to 50 guests. Reservation are required. Choose one of the following packages. Each package includes one large dessert pizza cut into squares--your choice of cherry jubilee, cinnamon frenzy, or chocolate chipper.

Package A: Pasta Famiglia 
Serves 10-20; choose two pastas
Served with our Garlic Bread

Package B: Pat's Pizza Party 
Serves 12-30; choose up to four monster pizzas (max three toppings each)

Package C: Just Bread
Serves 25-50; the world's biggest pan of oven-baked breadsticks glazed with a seasoned garlic sauce, dusted with herbs and imported Pecorino romano cheese. Served with three signature pizza dipping sauces.



Specials

Enjoy our great online deals!

Large One Top Pizza $9.99
For $1 more make it an X-Large. With coupon only. Valid with Delivery, delivery charge will apply (most areas). Limited time only. 
Coupon ID web3


Large Specialty Pizza $12.99
With coupon only. Valid with Delivery, delivery charge will apply (most areas). Limited time only. 
Coupon ID web4 


